it's been good we've we've had a lot of
guys around and working and you know I
think everybody is is is anxious to get
started next week unfortunately had a
long offseason but you know there's no
question that everybody is sitting in a
good frame of mind and and looking
forward to to getting started and as are
the coaching staff how different is your
frame of mind going into this season
with the experience she gained last
season oh it's night and day you know
last year last year at this time you
know maybe a couple weeks before we had
just moved and you know beyond just
getting settled personally you're also
getting ready for you know kind of the
unknown of the long season and how to
best manage it and I do think that you
know learned a lot as far as how to how
to better manage our practice schedule
in our and in a long long season you
know hopefully knock on wood we can we
can we can be healthy and we can really
start off start off well as far as
building a foundation for how we want to
play on both ends of the floor and and
getting the guys that are going to play
the majority of the minutes all playing
together earlier rather than later and
just going into training camp with Jean
Rondo healthy how much of a difference
will that make in terms of your
preparation in terms of practices in
general well it doesn't make a
difference in my preparation I think
it's you know I think obviously he's a
he's a really good player that impacts
the game and so it's great for him it's
great for our team because he's a you
know he's a he's an impactful player and
you know I think last year anytime you
have a year where you have to join it in
the middle of a season what you're
basically giving up is all that habit
building time that you get in practice
and in training camp you know as simple
things like jumping in the direction of
the ball defensively you know little
little things of cuts and those type of
things that you're just working on the
details of the game that you have time
to do more in October and when you join
in January it's hard to get back to
those and every year it's important to
get back to those things and so I think
he's really looking for
word to that I think he's really looking
forward to getting going and you know he
had a great workout he came in yesterday
and has had a great workout he just
certainly anxious when you compare it to
last year with with not knowing when he
would come back seems like there's been
a handful of guys consistently around
this summer what have you seen from
especially some of the young guys and
some improvements well I think the
biggest thing is is to focus on the fact
that there's everybody on our team's got
to improve regardless of how young they
are how old they are and and you know I
think that that attitude and that
mindset is critical and so anybody
that's been through is really embraced
that and and I think that as you see
these guys come through again they're
all eager and excited that this isn't
this is an anxious time of the year you
know every every every team out of 30s
excited right now right you've got a
you've got a but you've got to build off
of that and build habits that are
important and work the right way and you
know keep striving to improve and
that'll be the key is when things get a
little bit tough you know when we get
into stretch of games or when you hit a
rope patch of adversity do you do you
keep improving through that a lot of
those guys are fighting for roster spots
do you see you know with those practices
that you guys have been doing and want
them that level of competition the bar
raised a little bit right now obviously
it's technique work and more more you
know there's not we can't really get
into the five on five or the four on
four stuff or any of that so that stuff
will sort itself out over the next few
weeks once we start training camp but
there's no question that people are
working with a sense of urgency and I
think it's you know it's not just spots
it's also the fact that we have a lot of
evenness we use that word last year as
well and you know playing time is going
to have to be earned and it's going to
have to be and there's going to be quite
a competition for that in a lot of
different areas I'm sure most of you
will be put in a position where you have
to name our starting lineup in our
rotation and put it down in pencil and
if you go through it like really go
through it you put yourself in my shoes
there's about 150 different variations
of this that you could go with and more
so than last year and and I thought last
year we were
pretty hard to figure out so it's been
it's been it's been a fun puzzle to
think about but it's a puzzle that's
going to figure itself out once we start
practice is everybody healthy going in
turn again ah so far as i know we should
be pretty much full go on in training
camp but you know knock on wood but yeah
that's what i know so far view to enjoy
older bored yeah so they both been
around and you know Vitor is going back
out of town for a few days before he
comes back and but from everything I've
been told is that tuesday we should be
all clear you did so so some
frustrations after some of the games
reasonably so at the end of last season
do you feel kind of a little bit more
refreshed and is it hard for you to
maintain a little bit of patience when
there weren't as many large-scale
offseason moves um you know what I
focused more on the things that I can
control and I think my my frustrations
were from our lack of details and you
know to me that's on me and hey there's
going to be games where we're going to
have to be even better in those because
you know the other team is exceptionally
talented and you know that or you know
you're playing against a an obvious
contender which is basically the whole
month of November right so we're going
to see early how detailed we are and and
that's what I'm looking forward to I'm
looking forward to seeing you know how
much we improve in those areas great
thank you thanks